For some reason I wanted to evoke bubbles with this project, so I used Milo's technique from the Discord for creating non-square particles by way of keeping track of local coordinates within each quad (via smooth blending between quad vertex positions) and clipping based on a function of them; I first made circular particles, and then decided to make them into donuts instead by cutting out the center using a minimum required distance. I then made the minimum distance vary based on functions of time and height, creating an interesting animated width effect and making bubbles thin out as they approached the top of the screen. I also made the bubbles move left and right based on a sine function of height, creating a pleasant floating behavior, and also made the bubbles scale based on their position (getting larger with y height, with some random-ish contributions based on a sine of x position).

I then changed the blending of my copy of Seagulls to blend color using the addition of source alpha with one minus source alpha as it created more interesting color overlaps. I finished the effect by applying to it a warm palette I had developed using Coolors and liked: a dark gray backdrop, with a large slowly-moving screen space grid from which bubble colors are sampled (the grid itself sampling noise that changes every handful of seconds, and then is reduced down to one of four different shades of coral), and a cream-colored "foam" of faster-moving noise clipped to the bubbles that becomes more dense the higher the screen position. All told, I liked the warm, magma- or sunset-like palette I used and tried to make the cluster of particles look almost like a tropical soft drink.

I implemented a slider used to scale the rate at which both clusters of noise update, allowing the foam animation speed and the screen space coral selector to update more quickly or slowly. I also implemented sliders for bubble scale and the total number of them rendered.

My feedback was relatively positive. I was asked how the color overlay worked; what algorithm was in use for it and was able to explain the pixelation process and how individual blocks were assigned their shades of red. He seemed to appreciate the touch of the grid slowly sliding upwards, and liked the choice of blending function to let the underlying palette shine. He ran into a few issues during use, particularly that changing the scale of the particles to be too large resulted in substantial performance drops, and additionally that every time the number of bubbles was altered the framerate became persistently slightly worse until reload. He didn't seem to recognize the overarching look as being soda-like, and commented that he thought the foam at the top was a bit too "much", which I take to mean to obtrusive, eye-catching, or obnoxious. He also noticed an interesting artifact, namely that when left active for too long the foam noise pattern seemed to hit a repeating state where it would become much more "in-your-face" and predictable, and I confirmed it also happened on my own computer (though interestingly, a completely different pattern, which could be the result of a browser or resolution difference).
